[docs][new structure] Translate Authorization section (#14139)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/admin/configuration/access/authorization/CI_CD.md

title: "Access for CI/CD"
permalink: en/admin/configuration/access/authorization/ci_cd.html
---

> To grant access to the Kubernetes cluster API for CI/CD systems such as GitLab Runner, Jenkins, and others,
> create a ServiceAccount, assign the necessary permissions, and generate a kubeconfig file.
> This file will be used to connect to the cluster API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To grant access to the Kubernetes cluster API for CI/CD systems (e.g. GitLab Runner or Jenkins), you need to:
  1. Create a ServiceAccount.
  1. Grant it the required permissions.
  1. Generate a kubeconfig file referencing that ServiceAccount’s token.

This kubeconfig will be used to connect to the cluster API.
```

Author: I suggest we keep it as is. There's no need to list these actions, since the same is done below. Two actions lists one after another may confuse the reader.

To set up access to the Kubernetes cluster API for a CI/CD system, follow these steps:

1. Create a ServiceAccount in the `d8-service-accounts` namespace:

   ```shell
   kubectl create -f - <<EOF
   apiVersion: v1
   kind: ServiceAccount
   metadata:
     name: gitlab-runner-deploy
     namespace: d8-service-accounts
   ---
   apiVersion: v1
   kind: Secret
   metadata:
     name: gitlab-runner-deploy-token
     namespace: d8-service-accounts
     annotations:
       kubernetes.io/service-account.name: gitlab-runner-deploy
   type: kubernetes.io/service-account-token
   EOF
   ```

> 1. Assign permissions to the ServiceAccount as described in [Granting permissions to users and service accounts](granting.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Grant permissions to the ServiceAccount as described in [Granting permissions to users and service accounts](granting.html).
```
